[FrameworkBundle] add --deprecations on debug:container command (#32584)
symfony/symfony: src/Symfony/Bundle/FrameworkBundle/CHANGELOG.md

 * Added support for configuring chained cache pools
 * Deprecated booting the kernel before running `WebTestCase::createClient()`
 * Deprecated `routing.loader.service`, use `routing.loader.container` instead.

>  * Added the `--deprecations` option to `debug:container` to show the deprecation in CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Added the `--deprecations` option to `debug:container` to see deprecations using the CLI.
```

Author: done

 * Deprecated `routing.loader.service`, use `routing.loader.container` instead.
 * Not tagging service route loaders with `routing.route_loader` has been deprecated.
 * Overriding the methods `KernelTestCase::tearDown()` and `WebTestCase::tearDown()` without the `void` return-type is deprecated.

>  * Added the `--deprecations` option to `debug:container` to see deprecations using the CLI.

Reviewer 2: ... to `debug:container` command ...
